c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\GitLogin.dll.config
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\GitLogin.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\GitLogin.pdb
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\obj\Debug\GitLogin.dll
c:\users\goran\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\obj\Debug\GitLogin.pdb
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Goran\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GitLogin\GitLogin\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
